Hey, mocosa. Why does it
look like one of your drawings?
Dad, what do you think?
No? Okay. Too much.
Chris is right. One million or nothing.
Why'd she offer if she's not negotiating?
Sir…
20,000 is a lot of money.
My name is
Casimiro Morales. I'm an honorable man.
I've owned a taco shop, Mama Fina's,
in Boyle Heights for more than 30 years.
I have another interview tomorrow.
I'm sure they'd love to learn about you…
and hear our lovely story.
Yessika, we need your help.
We've been living
six whole days without water.
We all smell like armpit.
So your landlord cut off
both the water and gas for days at a time?
And the son of a bitch
won't answer my calls.
Cowardly Mr. Potato Face.
We're looking for housing
in your new affordable housing complexes.
-Ana said--
-Señora, there's a giant waiting list.
For years.
-Ana, say something.
-Amá.
God forbid your grandfather
is sent to Mexico,
and you're left without a place
to wash your ass.
And you won't take jobs
from gentrifiers or whatever.
-Amá.
- It's shit.
But we're not just anybody.
Yessika, we are family.
Oh, now we are family?
And all the times
I was just "Ana's Black girlfriend?"
Yessika, forgive me.
I'm a little harsh,
but over the years,
I've gotten more "woke."
Coming here
to ask you for help isn't easy.
Not for me and not for Ana.
But please…
don't punish her
for the sins of her mother.
I'll see what I can do.
A second life for Mama Fina's.
Mama Fina's at the beach?
I like the sound of that.
For me,
two grasshopper tacos and pig's feet.
My favorite.
And your black mole chilaquiles…
delicious!
Bon appétit!
How'd you buy this piece of shit?
Beans. Motherfucker.
Excuse me, sir. Don't be
embarrassed. You've been here long enough.
Your people are waiting for you outside.
Hey now,
aren't I the owner this food truck?
What the hell?
No,
the smell's not coming from outside.
What are you doing?
Come back tomorrow.
No record.
No.
He's investing in his family.
You're the one addicted
to turning your back on us.
Who has him here against his will?
I never told him that.
He's exactly like my brother.
For you.
Please, Dad, seriously…
What's wrong?
It's worse than that, Pop.
We've all had our lovestruck moments…
My love,
don't worry about your grandpa.
I don't need anything. I take care of you.
My way…
I can't anymore.
When we close, that's it.
You have to go live your life.
Go to Paris.
No joke. That's the
20,000 dollars you put into Mama Fina's.
Stop fucking around.
It's the money I owe you. I don't have it
yet because that woman hasn't paid me yet.
Take it. And get out of Boyle Heights.
Go become a chef
that the entire world will respect.
Working with…
a broken old man…
you won't have a future.
I'm leaving!
Go! Mama Fina's doesn't exist anymore.